README.md, before:

BVIM, gvim with VS2010 extensions
=======================================================

bvim is a hacked version of gvim which adds a few features which helps working on large Visual Studio 2010 projects.

The goal is to make all common programming actions take less than 500ms on a fast machine.

Bvim is supported on Windows 7 and builds with VS2010.

Build bvim using src/vim_vs2010.sln

boresln `<visual studio .sln file`>
------------------------------------------------------
Open a solution and build a list of all files that are included in the projects. This must be the first thing done in order to use the other commands.

boreopen
-------------------------------------------------------
Open a help-like window listing all files in the solution. Use / to search for the wanted file and press Enter to open it.

boretoggle
-------------------------------------------------------
Cycle between related files in the solution. The order is hardcoded to> cpp cxx c inl hpp hxx h asm s ddf

borefind `<string`>
-------------------------------------------------------
Do a case sensitive search through all files in the solution for <string>. At most 100 hits per file is reported and the total hits is capped to 1000. 

g:bore_filelist_file
-------------------------------------------------------
The filename of the file which contains a list of all files included in the solution. Useful for e.g. building a tags file from all solution files.

Commit message:

Updated with bore_search_thread_count documentation.

README.md, after:

BVIM, gvim with Visual Studio extensions
=======================================================

bvim is a hacked version of gvim which adds a few features which helps working on large Visual Studio projects.

The goal is to make all common programming actions take less than 500ms on a fast machine.

Bvim is supported on Windows 7 and builds with VS2010.

Build bvim using src/vim_vs2010.sln

boresln `<visual studio .sln file`>
------------------------------------------------------
Open a solution and build a list of all files that are included in the projects. This must be the first thing done in order to use the other commands.

boreopen
-------------------------------------------------------
Open a help-like window listing all files in the solution. Use / to search for the wanted file and press Enter to open it.

boretoggle
-------------------------------------------------------
Cycle between related files in the solution. The order is hardcoded to> cpp cxx c inl hpp hxx h asm s ddf

borefind `<string`>
-------------------------------------------------------
Do a case sensitive search through all files in the solution for <string>. At most 100 hits per file is reported and the total hits is capped to 1000. 

g:bore_filelist_file
-------------------------------------------------------
The filename of the file which contains a list of all files included in the solution. Useful for e.g. building a tags file from all solution files.

g:bore_search_thread_count
-------------------------------------------------------
The number of threads used by borefind. Defaults to 4.
